feat(docs): Document ZMK_BATTERY_REPORTING config (#1971)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/config/battery.md

See [Configuration Overview](index.md) for instructions on how to change these settings.

### Kconfig

Definition file: [zmk/app/Kconfig](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/blob/main/app/Kconfig)

| Config                               | Type | Description                                            | Default |
| ------------------------------------ | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |

> | `CONFIG_ZMK_BATTERY_REPORTING`       | bool | Enables/disables all battery level detection/reporting | n       |

Reviewer: While it is technically true that this is disabled by default, it is `imply`d by `ZMK_BLE` so in practice this will typically be true. In order not to confuse users (because they check these pages and think "oh I should enable that") can you add a note below the table that this will be set to true if BLE is enabled?

See [Configuration Overview](index.md) for instructions on how to change these settings.

### Kconfig

Definition file: [zmk/app/Kconfig](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/blob/main/app/Kconfig)

| Config                               | Type | Description                                            | Default |
| ------------------------------------ | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| `CONFIG_ZMK_BATTERY_REPORTING`       | bool | Enables/disables all battery level detection/reporting | n       |
| `CONFIG_ZMK_BATTERY_REPORT_INTERVAL` | int  | Battery level report interval in seconds               | 60      |

:::note Default setting

> Whilst this is disabled by default it is implied by `CONFIG_ZMK_BLE`, thus any board with BLE enabled will have this automatically enabled unless explicitly overriden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `CONFIG_ZMK_BATTERY_REPORTING` is disabled by default it is implied by `CONFIG_ZMK_BLE`, thus any board with BLE enabled will have this automatically enabled unless explicitly overriden.
```
